September 2022 - Novemeber 2022 

This is a general word about progress across the variety of my courses. I'm going to develop a compilation of things that I believe are going wrong in my day-to-day as it relates to general progress and as it relates to academic growth. 

I have noticed a number of patterns that I tend to repeat which are energy drainers. I want to take time out to develop a list of energy drainers and energy chargers. Things that have not been working for me and common mistakes that I have been seeing across a variety of my courses and course work. I will provide a general break down of them here and then continue to break them in different pages. The starting will be just listing them out and then I want to take the time to go deeper into each of them and pin down what it really is that is bogging me down. 

not putting enough thought into actions 

recently i've recognized that im super lazy with putting any thought into my actions. i lack planning. if i'm going home, I  don't know if it makes sense for me to go home, i just go home because it is something i do. i almost forgot to bring my school bag when i was leaving for home this time. I don't know what i'm going to need, i am not intentional about what i'm going to be doing on this trip home and I hate that. there is zero thought into the actions i do take, i just tend to follow the herd and just do whatever i feel like in the moment. I never feel prepared for anything, i never feel like i've done enough because I don't know what enough looks like, or what satisfactory looks like.

lack of intentionality 

i go through everyday just doing whatever I feel like, yes the work is still productive but there is no intention behind when i'm doing something, or why i'm doing something. the lack of intention also leads to gaps in my understanding of some of the content that i'm learning and eventually poor results. I don't know how to assess whether i've truly learned something, or even worse truly learn something. i have no intentionality behind what i'm doing on a day to day basis which compounds with having no intentionality behind what im doing through the week, the month and eventually the year. 

lack of goals

the lack of attention comes from a lack of goals. I don't really know what i want to be working towards and what I need to be doing to get there. this comes from me trying to find that "one thing" that i really want to works towards. I also can't seem to stick to any habits beause I don't know why im doing them, I just expect them to better my life in some way without knowing how they might do that so I lack will of changing those specific habits. In order for me to able to stick to a habit I got to want to really foster that habit. 

foggy brain 

my brain feels super foggy all the time. I can't seem to think, make connection. . ' s and develop ideas as clearly as I used to be able to. learning seems a bit more foggy aswell because i am not able to think as sharply and clearly as before. this is something I really value and would definetly want to improve as time goes on. 

sheep mentality /

since i don't really have goals, and lack intention for my day, i don't really know what I need to get for that day, or what I should get done for that, so i just end up working on whatever everyone else is working on even though i might not need too. I don't know when it's feasible for me to go out, when i can afford to play and when i can't. i also trust myself very little for some reason. I just can't seem to be okay withdesigning my days the way i might actually enjoy because for me enjoyability means I am not working as hard as I should be wokring this mentality needs to change. I need to be more aware what needs to be done, what I am doing and how I am pursuing it.

lack of organization 

there is no timetable, there is no schedule, there is a heavy reliance on others and friends to help me with bits and peices of what I need to get done and by when. there is a large development in the "eh whatever" mindset and it seems as if im edging towards mediocrity. I am very mentally lazy and i don't understand why, I seem to have a very lazy mind and that fact is annoying me. I need to develop a better mindset and train my mind to be more active than passing. I need to put out more content that I consume, i need to excerise my mind more. 

lying to myself 

before coming into univeristy i had an image of who i was, both for myself and relative to others. that hey aryan is the coding god, this is the cracked guy, the dude that is insane that x,y,z. but that doesn't last very long in a place like waterloo, im used to be being that guy, but everyone here, was that guy. i need to alter this definiton to match who i want myself to be according to me, i need to remove the source of validation from others to myself. that is what this is about, shifting the focus from others to myself, i need to find a way to isolate myself in a way that i am minimally influenced by other people, that i am truly following what i want to follow and do

refusing to accept short-comings in certain areas

i refuse to accept that i acutally need help with something and that im struggling. my ego gets in the way, or the fact that everyone else doesn't seem to struggling gets in the way. this isn't the way things are supposed to go i am too afraid to fail and afraid to struggle. i start beating myself down over not being able to understand in the first go or just not be able to do x,y,z. it's a comparison game that i need to stop playing. 

lack of feedback implementation

whenever I do have feedback for myself, or i do recieve feedback, i keep it in my head, don't write it down and then forget it and thus end up not implementing it. the mistakes are repeated and i enter the same crappy cycle i was struggling to get out of before. need to write it down, asap. i need to learn to develop skills so i can use these small bits and peices of advice to actually better my life. 

being scared of being alone even if it might be better for me 

being in a crowd also increases that sheep mentality, i need to be able to find a way to be alone and be at peace until i understand my goals and vision well enough that i know they won't be compromised when i talk with the people around me or near me. currently that is the problem, i don't know what's best for me, so i just end up following people around in circles and just losing sight of what I wanted to do, I need to give myself that seperation and isolation again, i need to stop fearing isolation and being alone, i need to start wanting to be alone and foster the environment i need in order to succeed. 

high amount of memisis 
 
 this comes from the point i touched up on before. I need to learn to be okay with being alone, i need to be able to figure out and implement solo action items without falling in the trap of comparison in whichever way possible. little steps to help reduce the amount of erros that are made. H